## **DAY 1**
Kevin B. Keck, International President (Cindy). The Executive Committee, international and national leadership conferences. For everything throughout The Gideons International to be done in One Spirit, One Mind, and One Vision. That we might be used of the Lord to lead someone to Christ this week. Gideons and Auxiliary from Aruba, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Curacao, and Ecuador. People's Republic of China*. Our core value of an uncompromised belief that the Bible is the inspired, infallible, and inerrant Word of God. 2 TIMOTHY 3:16

## **DAY 2**
André du Plessis, International Vice President (Elmarie). The International Convention in July and the Convention Program Committee. Strength, protection, and divine appointments daily for all members worldwide. Gideons and Auxiliary from French Guiana, Guyana, Nicaragua, Panama, Suriname, and Venezuela. Iran*. Our core value of an intentional focus on the objective of winning others for the Lord Jesus Christ through the association of Christian business and professional men for service; personal testimony and personal work by individual Gideons; placing the Bible – God's Holy Word – or portions thereof, in hotels, hospitals, schools, institutions, and also through distribution of same for personal use. MATTHEW 28:19-20

## **DAY 3**
Mark Becknal, International Treasurer (Stephanie). The Finance Committee—Mark Becknal (Stephanie), Ronald Simpson (Elaine), Tony West (Jackie), Dr. Jerry McMahan (Louise), and Manfred Wiegel (Lydia). Reaching or exceeding the World Scripture Fund Goal of $87,836,829. Gideons and Auxiliary from Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Paraguay, Peru, and Uruguay. Algeria*. Our core value of a membership of business and professional men, except clergymen, who believe in the Bible is the inspired, infallible, and inerrant Word of God. PSALM 119:160

## **DAY 4**
Grady Phillips, International Chaplain (Dora). That all members will embrace the Seven Spiritual Objectives and strengthen their personal witness and testimony. The International Day of Prayer in June. Gideons and Auxiliary from Anguilla, Antigua, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, and British Virgin Islands. Morocco*. Our core value of a membership of business and professional men, except clergymen, who believe in the Lord Jesus Christ as the eternal Son of God. 1 JOHN 4:15

## **DAY 5**
Dan Heighway, Executive Director (Karen). International Headquarters Team. National executive directors and Headquarters teams of national associations. Vendors who assist with the printing, production, management, and transport of our Scriptures. Gideons and Auxiliary from Cayman Islands, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Dutch Caribbean, El Salvador, Grenada, and Guadeloupe. Uzbekistan*. Our core value of a membership of business and professional men, except clergymen, who have received the Lord Jesus Christ as their personal Savior. ROMANS 10:9-10

## **DAY 6**
Australia—Raymond A. Christinat, Trustee (Lise). USA Zone 1—John Rotunno, Trustee (Debbie). Gideon and Auxiliary state and camp officers and members of Australia and USA Zone 1—California/Nevada N., Oregon/SW Idaho, Pacific NW, Pacific SW. Standing committees and ad hoc committees. For Spirit-led decision making and leadership daily. Gideons and Auxiliary from Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Martinique, Mexico, and Montserrat. North Korea*. Our core value of a membership of business and professional men, except clergymen, who endeavor to follow the Lord Jesus Christ in their daily lives. ROMANS 12:1-2

## **DAY 7**
Brazil—Sidney Lino de Oliveira, Trustee (Josmária). USA Zone 2—Greg Lange, Trustee (Laurie). Gideon and Auxiliary state and camp officers and members of Brazil and USA Zone 2—The Dakotas, InterMountain, Minnesota. For sick and bereaved members, as well as widows and widowers, in The Gideons International. Gideons and Auxiliary from Saint Martin, Saint Barthelemy, Saint Kitts/Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent, and Sint Maarten. Iraq*. Our core value of a membership of business and professional men, except clergymen, who believe in the endless lake of fire for the unsaved. REVELATION 20:15

## **DAY 8**
Finland—Lasse Schultz, Trustee (Hannele). USA Zone 3—John Ortega, Trustee (Pam). Gideon and Auxiliary state and camp officers and members of Finland and USA Zone 3—Rocky Mountain, Southwest, Texas. State and national conventions, including all attendees and the officers, speakers, and international representatives involved. Gideons and Auxiliary from Trinidad/Tobago, Turks & Caicos Islands, Virgin Islands, Albania, Armenia, and Bosnia & Herzegovina. Afghanistan*. Our core value of a membership of business and professional men, except clergymen, who accept the biblical standard of marriage being between one biological man and one biological woman. EPHESIANS 5:31

## **DAY 9**
Germany—Manfred Wiegel, Trustee (Lydia). USA Zone 4—Larry VanGilder, Trustee (Anita). Gideon and Auxiliary state and camp officers and members of Germany and USA Zone 4—Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska. For all publications, emails, websites, events, training, and other activities to ultimately lead to more people being won for the Lord Jesus Christ. Gideons and Auxiliary from Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Georgia, and Hungary. Saudi Arabia*. Our core value of a membership of business and professional men, except clergymen, who are members in good standing of an evangelical or Protestant church, congregation, or assembly. HEBREWS 10:24-25

## **DAY 10**
India—Shajee Joseph, Trustee (Mini). USA Zone 5—Douglas S. Bicket, Trustee (Melanie). Gideon and Auxiliary state and camp officers and members of India and USA Zone 5—Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin/Upper Michigan. That unsaved people will welcome a word of witness and the gift of Scripture. Gideons and Auxiliary from Kosovo, Latvia, Lithuania, Moldova, Montenegro, and North Macedonia. Yemen*. Our core value of a membership of business and professional men, except clergymen, who participate in the activities of a camp. EPHESIANS 4:12-16

## **DAY 11**
Japan—Takashi Tomizawa, Trustee (Naomi). USA Zone 6—Ronald Simpson, Trustee (Elaine). Gideon and Auxiliary state and camp officers and members of Japan and USA Zone 6—Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma. Strong spiritual leadership and a sense of urgency for all camps, especially weak camps needing greater focus and dedication. Gideons and Auxiliary from Poland, Romania, Serbia, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, and Turkey. Somalia*. Our core value on an integral part of the Association known as the Auxiliary, which is comprised of the member wives of Gideons who meet the same spiritual qualifications. The purpose of the Auxiliary is to assist the Gideons in their single objective through prayer, personal testimony, personal work, association for service, and placing and distributing the Bible – God's Holy Word – or portions thereof in approved venues. PROVERBS 31:10-12

## **DAY 12**
Republic of Korea—Dr. Young-In Kwon, Trustee (Soon-Hee Jung). USA Zone 7—Mark Warsco, Trustee (Carolyn). Gideon and Auxiliary state and camp officers and members of the Republic of Korea and USA Zone 7—Indiana, Michigan, Ohio. That Scriptures will not be delayed in shipping or customs or hindered in any other way. Gideons and Auxiliary from Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, and Ukraine. Tunisia*. Our core value of an ongoing emphasis on the importance of fulfilling the spiritual objective of being Men and Women of the Book. ROMANS 1:16

## **DAY 13**
R.O.C. (Taiwan)—Jim Liou, Trustee (Lily). USA Zone 8—C. Dan Scott, Trustee (Faith). Gideon and Auxiliary state and camp officers and members of the Republic of China (Taiwan) and USA Zone 8—Kentucky, Mississippi, Tennessee. For a spiritual revival in all Gideon countries, and for the Christian communities in all Gideon countries to grow in numbers and strength. Gideons and Auxiliary from Andorra, Austria, Belgium, British Isles, Cyprus, and Denmark. Libya*. Our core value of an ongoing emphasis on the importance of fulfilling the spiritual objective of being Men and Women of Faith. HEBREWS 11:6

## **DAY 14**
South Africa—Pierre le Grange, Trustee (Sunette). USA Zone 9—Col (Ret) Don Cobb, Trustee (Henrietta). Gideon and Auxiliary state and camp officers and members of South Africa and USA Zone 9—New Jersey, New York, Northern New England, Southern New England. For government leaders worldwide to come to faith in Jesus Christ and lead through God's direction. Gideons and Auxiliary from Faroe Islands, France, Greece, Greenland, Ireland, and Israel. Turkmenistan*. Our core value of an ongoing emphasis on the importance of fulfilling the spiritual objective of being Men and Women of Prayer. EPHESIANS 6:18

## **DAY 15**
USA Zone 10—Jerry Clunan, Trustee (Rhea). USA Zone 11—Charley Lee Logwood, Trustee (Brenda). Gideon and Auxiliary state and camp officers and members of USA Zone 10—Delmardic, Pennsylvania, West Virginia. Also, USA Zone 11—North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia. For those in danger of death through suicide, illness, or other reasons to be reached with the Gospel in time. Gideons and Auxiliary from Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, and the Netherlands. Mauritania*. Our core value of an ongoing emphasis on the importance of fulfilling the spiritual objective of being Men and Women of Separated Walk. 2 CORINTHIANS 6:14-18

## **DAY 16**
USA Zone 12—A.C. (Chuck) Smith, Trustee (Mary). Gideon and Auxiliary state and camp officers and members in USA Zone 12—Alabama/NW Florida, Florida, Georgia. Gideons and Auxiliary from Portugal, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland. Comoro Islands*. Our core value of an ongoing emphasis on the importance of fulfilling the spiritual objective of being Men and Women of Compassionate Heart. MATTHEW 9:36

## **DAY 17**
Deena Hubler, International Auxiliary President (Bob). Patsy Pigford, International Auxiliary Vice President (Lynn). Auxiliary Advisory Committee. International Auxiliary Cabinet Representatives. Implementation of the Auxiliary Five Core Programs in every camp. National, regional, and state medical conventions. Gideons and Auxiliary from Angola, Botswana, Burundi, Eswatini, Kenya, Lesotho, Madagascar, and Malawi. Djibouti*. Our core value of an ongoing emphasis on the importance of fulfilling the spiritual objective of being Men and Women who Witness. ACTS 1:8

## **DAY 18**
Aimee Beal, International Auxiliary Secretary (Kevin). Sheila Edwin, International Auxiliary Chaplain (John). The salvation of personnel receiving Medical Testaments and for them to use these Testaments in personal devotions and with patients. Continued open doors to hospitals and medical offices, veterinary clinics, prisons and jails, crisis pregnancy centers, and domestic violence shelters. Gideons and Auxiliary from Mauritius, Mayotte, Mozambique, Namibia, Reunion, and Rwanda. Maldives*. Our core value of an ongoing emphasis on the importance of fulfilling the spiritual objective of being Men and Women who Give. 2 CORINTHIANS 9:7

## **DAY 19**
Gideon and Auxiliary national, state, and camp officers and members in the national associations of Nigeria, Norway, and The Philippines. For increased growth in all aspects of the ministry, including more opportunities to witness. For every person witnessed to, encountering a Scripture, or receiving a Testament to make a decision for Christ. Maintaining the spiritual integrity of our membership and the Core Values of our Association worldwide. Gideons and Auxiliary from Seychelles, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. Eritrea*. Our core value that funding for the objective of the Association is secured through personal contributions and bequests, church offerings, and through the GideonCard Bible Program. LUKE 6:38

## **DAY 20**
International Countries Committee, André du Plessis, Chairman (Elmarie). Committee members: André du Plessis, chairman (Elmarie), Dr. Rudi Claassen (Sarette), Randy Crowe (Joy), Joe DuBois (Ilona), Mike Householder (Ursula), Rovic "Butch" Jereza (Mina), Joe LeCato (Maria), Dr. Olabode "Tom" Ogunleye (Funmi), Raja Singh (Shantha). National conferences and leadership training conferences in international countries. Ministry opportunities in restricted access countries. Liechtenstein*. Our core value of recognition of an intentional relationship with evangelical or Protestant churches as a prayer base, a source of members, and financial support. GALATIANS 6:10

## **DAY 21**
Those Traveling on Behalf of the International Countries Committee. God's ongoing blessings for personal witnessing and the distribution of His Word in international countries. That the Lord will continue to open doors in existing and new countries. Protection of those who serve in The Gideons International in countries, or areas, where sharing the Gospel message might put them at risk. National directors and associate national directors in Guatemala, Thailand, Indonesia, Kenya, Mexico, Russia, Ukraine, and Venezuela. Field representatives and regional field officers. Monaco*. Our core value of being a simple, disciplined, well-defined ministry that is carried out exclusively by the membership of the Association under the authority and direction of the International Cabinet. MICAH 6:8

## **DAY 22**
One Vision—Striving Side by Side through the Association of Members for Service. For members to meet at weekly prayer meetings, monthly camp meetings, camp activities, and other ministry opportunities to encourage each other and handle the work of the ministry. For members to engage with one another, creating a platform for transparency and accountability and helping each other deal with the temptations and trials of today. For the effective application of basic business skills for the success of the ministry worldwide. For members to enlist others to join and work together to reach more people for Jesus Christ. Gideons and Auxiliary from Bahrain, Central African Republic, Chad, Egypt, Ethiopia, Gambia, Jordan, and Kuwait. St. Helena*. The salvation of souls from personal witnessing and Scriptures distributed. ACTS 4:12

## **DAY 23**
One Vision—Striving Side by Side through Personal Testimony and Personal Work. For members to assist one another in maintaining a strong personal testimony for Christ. For members to embrace the spiritual disciplines, including daily Bible reading and prayer, Scripture memorization, and attending weekly prayer meetings. For members to be active in sharing about Christ, as they trust God for and recognize personal witnessing opportunities. For members to understand the world's spiritual hunger and the significant impact they can have. Gideons and Auxiliary from Lebanon, Mali, Niger, Oman, Qatar, Senegal, South Sudan, Sudan, and the United Arab Emirates. Wallis & Futuna*. Deepening the spiritual walk of our membership. 2 PETER 3:18

## **DAY 24**
One Vision—Striving Side by Side through Placing and Distributing God's Holy Word. For members to work together and share God's Word in the traffic lanes of life. A special focus on schools, hotels, hospitals, and institutions throughout the year. For students, patients, military personnel, medical, and emergency personnel to accept God's Word and receive Christ as their Lord and Savior. For increased use of the Gideon Bible App. Gideons and Auxiliary from the following countries—Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Côte d'Ivoire, and Democratic Republic of Congo. Syria*. More funds to supply more Scriptures for the world. 2 CORINTHIANS 9:8

## **DAY 25**
The Membership Program. A Membership Program objective to implement Sheep 100 by consistently caring for every member through personal contact, encouraging membership renewal, and continued engagement with The Gideons International. For all members to be sensitive to God's leading, and personally invite men to be Gideons and their wives to be Auxiliary. For members to promptly pay their dues. For each camp to conduct an Annual Membership Event. For the Membership Committee. Gideons and Auxiliary from Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea Bissau, and Liberia. Iceland*. The salvation of souls from personal witnessing and Scriptures distributed. ROMANS 10:17

## **DAY 26**
The Church Ministry Program. A Church Ministry Program objective for each camp to annually engage all eligible churches within its reach to deepen relationships that lead to sustained and meaningful ministry collaboration. For members to pray for pastors in their camp area. For camps to host Annual Pastors Events every year. For pastors to recommend more men to be Gideons. Gideons and Auxiliary from the following countries—Republic of Congo, Sao Tome and Principe, Sierra Leone, and Togo. Brunei*. Deepening the spiritual walk of our membership. LUKE 17:5

## **DAY 27**
The GideonCard Bible Program. A GideonCard display in every eligible church. An increase in the use of the cards by members and donors. For additional GideonCard presentations to church groups. Gideons and Auxiliary from Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, Hong Kong, Laos, Macau, and Mongolia. More funds to supply more Scriptures for the world. MATTHEW 6:33

## **DAY 28**
The Faith Fund Program. For members to support the International Countries Ministry deficit by giving to the Faith Fund for Scriptures and the Barnabas Fund for administrative and equipping needs. This deficit supplements the financial support provided through a portion of Church offerings and GideonCard Bible Program donations. Pray for members to help meet or exceed Faith Fund offering goals at Annual Pastors Events, Area Faith Fund Meetings, State Conventions, International Convention, and Auxiliary Events. Also, pray for members to embrace Barnabas Fund offerings at monthly camp meetings and select State Conventions. Gideons and Auxiliary from Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Vietnam. The salvation of souls from personal witnessing and Scriptures distributed. HEBREWS 7:25

## **DAY 29**
The Scripture Distribution Program. For worldwide Scripture distribution to meet the goal of 59,606,061. For camps to diligently update Scripture distribution information online. For God to open the doors to more schools, hotels, hospitals and other locations for the distribution or placement of His Word. That many churches with youth groups will participate in Life Book saturations. Gideons and Auxiliary from American Samoa, Cook Islands, Fiji, French Polynesia, and Guam. Deepening the spiritual walk of our membership. COLOSSIANS 1:10

## **DAY 30**
The Prayer & Personal Witnessing Program. A Prayer and Personal Witnessing objective for every Gideon and Auxiliary to offer a word of witness each week, bringing hope to at least one person. For members to promote Conversations—A Simple Approach to Sharing the Gospel with pastors to equip church congregations to share their faith. That many students will have the opportunity to personally witness and lead others to the Lord Jesus Christ through The Life Book. Gideons and Auxiliary from Indonesia, Kiribati, Malaysia, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, New Caledonia, and New Zealand. More funds to supply more Scriptures for the world. PHILIPPIANS 4:19

## **DAY 31**
Former International, National, State, and Camp Gideon and Auxiliary Officers. That the Lord will continue to use former officers to His honor and glory. Pray for leadership succession at all levels, from camps to the International Cabinet. Gideons and Auxiliary from Northern Mariana Islands, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, Timor-Leste, Tonga, Tuvalu, and Vanuatu. The salvation of souls from personal witnessing and Scriptures distributed. 1 PETER 4:10

